# THIS LISTS PROPERTIES OF A PASSWORD POLICY - not really the members assigned to the policy and such
# Replace "Root Password Policy" with other policies as required

Command:
./OUD1/bin/dsconfig -p 4444 -D "cn=Directory Manager" -j pw1.txt -X -n get-password-policy-prop --policy-name "Root Password Policy"

Output:
Property                                  : Value(s)
------------------------------------------:-------------
account-status-notification-handler       : -
allow-expired-password-changes            : false
allow-user-password-changes               : true
default-password-storage-scheme           : AES
deprecated-password-storage-scheme        : -
expire-passwords-without-warning          : false
force-change-on-add                       : false
force-change-on-reset                     : false
grace-login-count                         : 0
idle-lockout-interval                     : 0 s
last-login-time-attribute                 : -
last-login-time-format                    : -
lockout-duration                          : 0 s
lockout-failure-count                     : 0
lockout-failure-expiration-interval       : 0 s
lockout-soft-duration                     : 0 s
lockout-soft-failure-count                : 0
max-password-age                          : 0 s
max-password-reset-age                    : 0 s
min-password-age                          : 0 s
password-attribute                        : userpassword
password-change-requires-current-password : true
password-expiration-warning-interval      : 5 d
password-generator                        : -
password-history-count                    : 0
password-history-duration                 : 0 s
password-validator                        : -
previous-last-login-time-attribute        : -
previous-last-login-time-format           : -
require-change-by-time                    : -
require-secure-authentication             : false
require-secure-password-changes           : false
